today on tap Gallup II Korean barbeque
this is Alan with the growing network
let's get cooking
here we have roughly five pounds of beef
short rib that I purchased from my local
butcher
I had them slice it 1/4 inch thick I
took the liberty of pre washing them to
remove any residual bone fragments let's
go ahead and start on the marinade for
this marinade we're going to use one
Korean pear peeled and minced if you
can't find a Korean pear in your local
grocery store you can definitely use a
standard pair just do the same thing
peel it and slice it we're gonna use a
half a minced onion to this we're going
to add 8 cloves of garlic minced I love
garlic to that we'll add a finger of
ginger I went ahead and julienned and
then minced it to that we're adding a
green onion I'll cap actually 3 green
onions just sliced up to this were
adding 1/2 cup of soy sauce we're adding
rice wine 2 tablespoons of sesame oil
some brown sugar I'll go ahead and add
the exact ingredients below and for a
little bit of heat we're adding some
chili paste
now that we have our marinade put
together just add the beef you can
either marinate it overnight in your
refrigerator or do what I do I use my
back master fraiche chamber sealer and
wrap it and fuse it one of the views of
using a chamber sealer as the ability to
wrap and infuse flavors
what normally takes you hours in the
refrigerator takes me minutes in my
vacuum chamber now that we have that
perfect seal let's place it inside the
refrigerator for about 30 minutes and
we'll meet you outside at the grill all
right it's time to get these bad boys on
the grill we've preheated our grill to a
medium heat you want to be careful the
marinade has got some sugar in it and
that you don't want to overcook and burn
these ribs we're looking at two to three
minutes per side it's been a little over
three minutes let's go ahead and put
these bad boys over as you can see we've
got a nice grill marks just want to make
sure that they don't burn well we'll let
these go for another three minutes and
we'll meet you back inside as you see
here we have our galibi or Korean
barbecue plate it up we have some rice
and Korean barbecue wouldn't be complete
without some kimchi let's go ahead and
give this a try a cool trick that I
learned was to get between the bones you
just take a pair of scissors and you cut
and there you go wow that was totally
phenomenal Korean barbecue has a slight
sweetness flavor to it that's why I
added the chili sauce that took it to
another level and how do you recommend
it again I want to thank you for
stopping by if you have any comments
make sure you leave them below make sure
you subscribe if you haven't already
done so and we'll see you on the next
one
you